Xsup 28826 phishlabs (#30069)
demisto/content: Packs/PhishLabs/ReleaseNotes/1_1_18.md

#### Integrations

##### PhishLabs IOC EIR
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.13.84405*.

> - Fixed an issue where **fetch-incidents** did not fetched the correct amount of incidents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the ***fetch-incidents*** command did not pull the correct amount of incidents.
```

> - Added support for filtering incoming incidents based on subclassification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
